About the job
Meta is committed to advancing the field of artificial intelligence by making fundamental advances in technologies to help interact with and understand our world. We are seeking individuals passionate in areas such as deep learning, computer vision, optimization, natural language processing, machine learning, reinforcement learning, computational statistics, applied mathematics and security/privacy. Our interns have an opportunity to make core algorithmic advances and apply their ideas at an unprecedented scale.Our internships are twelve (12) to sixteen (16), or twenty-four (24) weeks long and we have various start dates throughout the year.

Research Scientist Intern

AI Alignment Responsibilities:

Develop novel state-of-the-art algorithms and corresponding systems, leveraging various deep learning techniques
Analyze and improve various aspects of the corresponding algorithms and systems, including efficiency, scalability, stability, fairness, security, and privacy
Perform state of the art research to advance the science and technology of Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence
Collaborate with researchers and cross-functional partners including communicating research plans, progress, and results
Publish research results and contribute to research that can be applied to Meta product development

Minimum Qualifications:

Currently has or is in the process of obtaining a Ph.D. degree in Computer Science, Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, or relevant technical field
Must obtain work authorization in country of employment at the time of hire and maintain ongoing work authorization during employment
Experience with Python, C++, C, Java or other related languages
Experience with deep learning frameworks such as Pytorch or Tensorflow

Preferred Qualifications:

Intent to return to degree program after the completion of the internship/co-op
Proven track record of achieving significant results as demonstrated by grants, fellowships, patents, as well as publications at leading workshops or conferences such as NeurIPS, ICLR, AAAI, RecSys, KDD, IJCAI, CVPR, ECCV, ACL, NAACL, EACL, ICASSP, CCS, IEEE S&P, MLSys, or similar
Demonstrated experience and self-driven motivation in solving analytical problems using quantitative approaches
Experience building large-scale machine learning systems and training with large datasets
Experience communicating complex research in a clear, precise, and actionable manner
Demonstrated software engineer experience via an internship, work experience, coding competitions, or widely used contributions in open source repositories (e.g. GitHub)
Experience working and communicating cross functionally in a team environment

About Meta:

Meta builds technologies that help people connect, find communities, and grow businesses. When Facebook launched in 2004, it changed the way people connect. Apps like Messenger, Instagram and WhatsApp further empowered billions around the world. Now, Meta is moving beyond 2D screens toward immersive experiences like augmented and virtual reality to help build the next evolution in social technology. People who choose to build their careers by building with us at Meta help shape a future that will take us beyond what digital connection makes possible today—beyond the constraints of screens, the limits of distance, and even the rules of physics.

Meta is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Meta participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law. Please note that Meta may leverage artificial intelligence and machine learning technologies in connection with applications for employment.

Meta is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com.

$7,650/month to $12,134/month + benefits

Individual compensation is determined by skills, qualifications, experience, and location. Compensation details listed in this posting reflect the base hourly rate, monthly rate, or annual salary only, and do not include bonus, equity or sales incentives, if applicable. In addition to base compensation, Meta offers benefits. Learn more about  benefits  at Meta.